[charts] Add marker label support to scatter chart (#22568)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/bubble/bubble.md

When you do, make the choice explicit in the copy so the size encoding is not misleading.

{{"demo": "DifferentSizeScale.js"}}

## Labels

> You can show a text label next to each scatter point with the `markerLabel` series property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can show a text label on top of to each scatter point with the `markerLabel` series property.
```
